README.md, before:

# shellfie 🤳🏽

beautiful progremattic terminal screenshots

# install
```bash
yarn add shellfie
```

# usage
```js
const data = [
    '\x1b[105mSHELLFIE\\x1b[0m🤳',
    '\x1b[38;5;225mthe easiest way',
    '\x1b[38;5;213mto create beautiful',
    '\x1b[38;5;14mCLI screenshots 📸',
    '\x1b[38;5;199mprogrammatically 🚀'
];
const options = {
    name: 'shellfie',
    style: {
        fontSize: 15,
        fontWeight: 'bold',
        fontFamily: 'Fira Code'
    },
    viewport: {
        width: 400,
        height: 300
    }
}
await shellfie(data, options);
```

outputs:   
![](https://github.com/tool3/shellfie/blob/master/shellfies/shellfie.png?raw=true)


# data
**type**: `string[]` || `string`   
**description**: string data to output to the terminal

# options
**type**: `object`   
**description**: optional config for `shellfie`
### `name`
**type**: `string`   
**description**: name of image   
### `location`
**type**: `string`   
**description**: relative path to save your shellfies   
### `puppeteerArgs`
**type**: `string[]`   
**description**: optional puppteer args    
**default**: `['--no-sandbox', '--disable-setuid-sandbox']`
### `mode`
**type**: `string`   
**description**: can allow raw string input. for example: `yarn test --colors > help.txt`, then copy the text and provide it to `shellfie` with this option set to `raw`.   
**default**: `default`
### `theme`
**type**: `object`   
**description**: optional theme style
- #### `background`
  **type**: `string`   
  **description**: css color for terminal background   
  **default**: `{ background: '#151515' }`
- #### `forground`
  **type**: `string`   
  **description**: css color for any unformatted string provided in `data`
### `style`
  **type**: `object`   
  **description**: css properties for terminal output
- #### `fontSize`
  **type**: `number`   
  **description**: font size
- #### `fontWeight`
  **type**: `string`   
  **description**: font weight
- #### `fontFamily`
  **type**: `string`   
  **description**: font family
### `viewport`
**type**: `object`   
**description**: viewport of terminal   
**default**: `{ width: 700, height: 600 }`
- #### `width`
  **type**: `number`   
  **description**: viewport width
- #### `height`
  **type**: `number`   
  **description**: viewport height

  # examples
  ```js
  await shellfie(["\x1b[32mGreen line", "\x1b[31;1mRED bold"], { name: 'small', viewport: { width: 200 } });
  ```   
![](https://github.com/tool3/shellfie/blob/master/shellfies/small.png?raw=true)    


```js
const testResults = [
    "[2K[1G[1myarn run v1.22.5[22m",
    "[2K[1G[2m$ mocha --no-timeouts tests/ --colors[22m",
    "",
    "[0m[0m",
    "[0m  shellfie[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should support array of string and output a png file[0m[31m (1106ms)[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should show into img[0m[31m (983ms)[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should support custom viewport[0m[31m (982ms)[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should support long raw output[0m[31m (2287ms)[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should support raw string[0m[31m (1087ms)[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should support complex string[0m[31m (1079ms)[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should support different font family[0m[31m (5541ms)[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should support chartscii fancy example[0m[31m (1123ms)[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should support fancy unsplitted[0m[31m (1082ms)[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should support string output[0m[31m (947ms)[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should magically work with magic numbers[0m[31m (1945ms)[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should work with lolcat[0m[31m (1102ms)[0m",
    "",
    "",
    "[92m [0m[32m 12 passing[0m[90m (19s)[0m",
    "",
    "[2K[1GDone in 19.60s.",
];
await shellfie(testResults, { name: 'fira', style: { fontFamily: 'Fira Code', fontWeight: 'bold' } });
```   
![](https://github.com/tool3/shellfie/blob/master/shellfies/fira.png?raw=true)

Commit message:

docs: any way you want em

README.md, after:

# shellfie 🤳🏽

beautiful progremattic terminal screenshots

# install
```bash
yarn add shellfie
```

# any way you want 'em
you can require `shellfie` as a library, use the `shellfie-cli`, or even make `POST` calls to the shellfie service (`shellfied`), allowing you to get your shellfies any way your want 'em.   
    - [shellfie](https://github.com/tool3/shellfie)   
    - [shellfie-cli](https://github.com/tool3/shellfie-cli)   
    - [shellfied](https://github.com/tool3/shellfied)   

# usage
```js
const data = [
    '\x1b[105mSHELLFIE\\x1b[0m🤳',
    '\x1b[38;5;225mthe easiest way',
    '\x1b[38;5;213mto create beautiful',
    '\x1b[38;5;14mCLI screenshots 📸',
    '\x1b[38;5;199mprogrammatically 🚀'
];
const options = {
    name: 'shellfie',
    style: {
        fontSize: 15,
        fontWeight: 'bold',
        fontFamily: 'Fira Code'
    },
    viewport: {
        width: 400,
        height: 300
    }
}
await shellfie(data, options);
```

outputs:   
![](https://github.com/tool3/shellfie/blob/master/shellfies/shellfie.png?raw=true)


# data
**type**: `string[]` || `string`   
**description**: string data to output to the terminal

# options
**type**: `object`   
**description**: optional config for `shellfie`
### `name`
**type**: `string`   
**description**: name of image   
### `location`
**type**: `string`   
**description**: relative path to save your shellfies   
### `puppeteerArgs`
**type**: `string[]`   
**description**: optional puppteer args    
**default**: `['--no-sandbox', '--disable-setuid-sandbox']`
### `mode`
**type**: `string`   
**description**: can allow raw string input. for example: `yarn test --colors > help.txt`, then copy the text and provide it to `shellfie` with this option set to `raw`.   
**default**: `default`
### `theme`
**type**: `object`   
**description**: optional theme style
- #### `background`
  **type**: `string`   
  **description**: css color for terminal background   
  **default**: `{ background: '#151515' }`
- #### `forground`
  **type**: `string`   
  **description**: css color for any unformatted string provided in `data`
### `style`
  **type**: `object`   
  **description**: css properties for terminal output
- #### `fontSize`
  **type**: `number`   
  **description**: font size
- #### `fontWeight`
  **type**: `string`   
  **description**: font weight
- #### `fontFamily`
  **type**: `string`   
  **description**: font family
### `viewport`
**type**: `object`   
**description**: viewport of terminal   
**default**: `{ width: 700, height: 600 }`
- #### `width`
  **type**: `number`   
  **description**: viewport width
- #### `height`
  **type**: `number`   
  **description**: viewport height

  # examples
  ```js
  await shellfie(["\x1b[32mGreen line", "\x1b[31;1mRED bold"], { name: 'small', viewport: { width: 200 } });
  ```   
![](https://github.com/tool3/shellfie/blob/master/shellfies/small.png?raw=true)    


```js
const testResults = [
    "[2K[1G[1myarn run v1.22.5[22m",
    "[2K[1G[2m$ mocha --no-timeouts tests/ --colors[22m",
    "",
    "[0m[0m",
    "[0m  shellfie[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should support array of string and output a png file[0m[31m (1106ms)[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should show into img[0m[31m (983ms)[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should support custom viewport[0m[31m (982ms)[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should support long raw output[0m[31m (2287ms)[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should support raw string[0m[31m (1087ms)[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should support complex string[0m[31m (1079ms)[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should support different font family[0m[31m (5541ms)[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should support chartscii fancy example[0m[31m (1123ms)[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should support fancy unsplitted[0m[31m (1082ms)[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should support string output[0m[31m (947ms)[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should magically work with magic numbers[0m[31m (1945ms)[0m",
    "  [32m  ✓[0m[90m should work with lolcat[0m[31m (1102ms)[0m",
    "",
    "",
    "[92m [0m[32m 12 passing[0m[90m (19s)[0m",
    "",
    "[2K[1GDone in 19.60s.",
];
await shellfie(testResults, { name: 'fira', style: { fontFamily: 'Fira Code', fontWeight: 'bold' } });
```   
![](https://github.com/tool3/shellfie/blob/master/shellfies/fira.png?raw=true)
